# BoomerCMS
A content management system that restores the glory of the past.

1. Groff Based - write pages in [groff](https://www.gnu.org/software/groff/) syntax - using ms and www macro packages
2. Shell Only - html and rss feed is generated by a shell script - POSIX shell complient! - NO BASH!
3. No JS or CSS by default - but supports hashover comments
4. All remaining shellcheck issues are to do with double quote warnings

# Rationale
Social Media has taken the world by storm, and we think it is not the best for society. Inspired by the [blog post](http://spacefreak18.xyz) we invision
a world where we use free and open and pre existing internet technologies. RSS feeds for status updates instead of Twitter, Email/Xmpp for chat instead
of WhatsApp (or DMs), and a personal web page instead of a Facebook. This project attempts to fill that need of simple, minimal, bloat-free web pages.
It started life as just a shell script I was using to generate my site, and I made a few generalizations and enhancements to make it useable for a 
wider audience.

# Setup
1. Fork this repo
2. Modify settings.sh to your preferences. Do not create files with the same name as the pretty name for your categories. BoomerCMS automatically
generates the file groff file. I recommend adding those to your .gitignore.
3. Put custom content into the posts directory and in the parent directory in files named with the structure MyCategory_custom.groff
4. Refer to the sample site and sample repo.

# Installation
Setup your webserver to point to the location of your forked BoomerCMS repository with correct privileges.
Optionally setup a cronjob to automatically run git pull and generate.sh for automated periodic deploys.

# Shellcheck
Run shellcheck to validate POSIX compliance with shellcheck -x .settings.sh generate.sh
